README.md, before:

## This project is being implemented as a project that includes all the spring microservices, cloud, messaging systems that I have learned about.

## The project is under construction, it will be updated sometimes, the full documentation will be added when it is finished, the general structure and the technologies it will contain are as follows.

***Percentage of progress : 70%***

<p align="center">
<img src="img/diagram.jpg" alt="ci" width="1000" class="center"/>
</p>


### Invoice Service Generate PDF ->  Samples Output -> 

<p align="center">
<img src="img/invoice.jpg" alt="ci" width="1000" class="center"/>
</p>

### Mail Service Sending Basic Mail ->  Samples Output -> 

<p align="center">
<img src="img/mail.png" alt="ci" width="1000" class="center"/>
</p>


# What technologies exist ? 
    
    Integration Tests with TestContainers And JUnit 5
    Gateway Service With Spring Cloud Gateway
    Auth Server with Keycloak
    NoSQL Database ( Apache Cassandra )
    Relational Database ( PostgreSQL)
    Messaging Systems (Kafka)
    Redis Cache 
    Resilience pattern with Resilience4J 
    Eureka registry service
    Config server with git repository
    Vault server for store secret informations
    Zipkin for distributed tracing
    ELK (Elasticsearch , Logstash , Kibana) Stack for distributed logging
    Statistic service with Async communication -> Kafka
    Exception Handling
    Layered Architecture
    Dockerize all project ( maybe not implementing )

Commit message:

Add ELK Stack log files. logback-spring.xml this file. And almost finish project.

README.md, after:

## This project is being implemented as a project that includes all the spring microservices, cloud, messaging systems that I have learned about.

### Project almost done. I am working on the following, this is a last part of the big picture:
Vault Service - Vault is a secure, flexible, and easy-to-use key-value store. It is a tool for storing secrets, configuration, and other data in a highly encrypted and protected way.


***Percentage of progress : 95%***

<p align="center">
<img src="img/diagram.jpg" alt="ci" width="1000" class="center"/>
</p>


### Invoice Service Generate PDF ->  Samples Output -> 

<p align="center">
<img src="img/invoice.jpg" alt="ci" width="1000" class="center"/>
</p>

### Mail Service Sending Basic Mail ->  Samples Output -> 

<p align="center">
<img src="img/mail.png" alt="ci" width="1000" class="center"/>
</p>


# What technologies exist ? 
    
    Integration Tests with TestContainers And JUnit5 
    Gateway Service With Spring Cloud Gateway
    Auth Server with Keycloak
    NoSQL Database ( Apache Cassandra )
    Relational Database ( PostgreSQL)
    Messaging Systems (Kafka)
    Redis Cache 
    Resilience pattern with Resilience4J 
    Eureka registry service
    Config server with git repository
    Vault server for store secret informations
    Zipkin for distributed tracing
    ELK (Elasticsearch , Logstash , Kibana) Stack for distributed logging
    Statistic service with Async communication -> Kafka
    Exception Handling
    Layered Architecture
    Dockerize all project ( maybe not implementing )
